hey what's up everyone i thought i'd
bring you a 2000 chevrolet camaro base
model with the t-tops this is going to
be a review of the car i'm going to show
the interior as well as the exterior and
the features on it and we're going to go
over the engine and the exhaust so let's
do it on up this is chevrolet camaro
logo camaro i don't know if you can see
the exhaust close enough it's like two
or three inches from sticking out but at
least it hasn't exhaust aw crap crammed
in there alright I'm going to pop open
the hood show everyone if i can get it
there we go we're gonna park their car
so close alright this 2000 chevrolet
camaro has the 3.8 liter inline
six-cylinder engine it's a 3.8 liter
series 2 v6 interstate megatron to all
right let's get in the inside of the car
will go over the interior features on
this thing Wow feels so cramped in this
Camaro not sure how many miles there are
in this but I'm not too worried and this
car does come with t-tops more helpful
in the summer than a convertible I mean
I want to show you how to take them off
but we'll do that another time alright
it's got the four-speed automatic with
overdrive
camaros got no radio all right easier
it's your fan speed heat AC heat
different settings rear defroster ASR
got traction control nature that's your
fog lights everything in this car power
windows locks and mirrors I mean I would
go to the back of the car but it's kind
of cramped up in here so I'm not going
to bother with it and all in all it's
not a bad-looking Camaro could be used
as a car for summertime all right you
got your map lights right here this car
is missing one visor lets got another
visor being out of this car is like
getting out of a cracker jack box so
cramped off let's go over the walk
around the Camaro one more time all
right hope everyone enjoyed this review
of the two thousand chevrolet camaro so
there will be more reviews coming so
take care everyone